“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” - Mark Twain
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” - Babe Ruth
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”― Lewis Carroll
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” - Socrates
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  - Unknown
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” - Elon Musk
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” - John D. Rockefeller
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” - Unknown
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney.
“Invest in your dreams. Work hard now. Shine later.” - Unknown
“The hard days are what make you stronger.” - Aly Raisman
“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” - Wayne Dyer
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” - George Lorimer
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” - Kurt Cobain
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” - Frank Ocean
“Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.” - Tim Notke
“The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” - Jimmy Johnson
“Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.” - Unknown
“Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.” - Unknown
“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” - Albert Einstein
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” - John C. Maxwell
“Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.” - Dr. Wayne D. Dyer
"Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
“We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” - Helen Keller
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.” - Pele
“Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up.” - Gabby Douglas
"Don’t dream about success. Get out there and work for it." - Unknown
“I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” - Muhammad Ali
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out.” - Abraham Lincoln
“You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“I never lose. Either I win or learn.” - Nelson Mandela
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” - Ken Poirot
“You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“I didn’t get there by wishing for it, but by working for it.” - Estee Lauder
“Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.” - Helen Keller
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” - Nelson Mandela
“What is life without a little risk?” - J.K. Rowling
“If it’s a good idea, go ahead and do it. It’s much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.” - Grace Hopper
“I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.” - Florence Nightingale
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” - Ken Poirot
“The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.” - Paulo Coelho
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.” - Bruce Lee
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“Believe you can and you will.” - Unknown
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” - Abraham Lincoln
“Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.” - G.K. Nielson
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about.” - Sheryl Sandberg
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.” - Beverly Sills
“Quitters never win. Winners never quit!” Dr. Irene C. Kassorla
“It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.” - Joyce Meyers
“If opportunity doesn’t knock build a door.” - Milton Berle
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
“I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.” - Estee Lauder
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” - Napoleon Hill
“Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.” - Mandy Hale
“Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” - George Bernard Shaw
“You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.” - Barack Obama
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Confucius
“If you want to be inventive — you have to be willing to fail.” - Jeff Bezos
“Purpose is a soft virtue — but it’s what gives you steel in your spine.” - Rich Karlgaard
“Monotony is the awful reward of the careful.” - A. G. Buckham
“If plan “A” fails — remember you have 25 letters left.” - Chris Guillebeau
“Believe that you will succeed — and you will.” - Dale Carnegie
“Victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.” - Og Mandino
“A ship in harbor is safe, but that’s not what ships are for.” - John Shedd
“If I find 10,000 ways something won’t work, I haven’t failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is often a step forward.” - Thomas Edison
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” - Aristotle
“Nothing will work unless you do.” - Maya Angelou
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.” - John Wayne
“Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.” - Napoleon Hill
“We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses.” - Abraham Lincoln
“Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.” - W. Clement Stone
“Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” - Albert Einstein
“What is coming is better than what is gone.” - Unknown
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” -Unknown
“Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.” - Unknown
“Your only limit is your mind.” - Unknown
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” - Unknown
“One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.” - Kylie Francis
“Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.” - Vince Lombardi
“Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” - Mike Murdock
“Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.” -Robert T. Kiyosaki
“Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.” - Unknown
“Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.” - Unknown
“It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.” - Unknown
“You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.” - Unknown
“I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” - Stephen Covey
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." - John Wooden
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Anonymous
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." - Anonymous
"If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." - Anonymous
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." - Anonymous
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
"I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." -Anonymous
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." - Michael John Bobak
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." - Robert Collier
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
"What would you do if you weren't afraid?" - Spencer Johnson
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” - Carol Burnett
“There is nothing impossible to they who will try.” - Alexander the Great
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” - Michael Altshuler
“Life has got all those twists and turns. You’ve got to hold on tight and off you go.” - Nicole Kidman
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.” - Walt Whitman
“You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script.” - Oprah Winfrey
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” - Malala Yousafzai
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” - Aristotle
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen—that stillness becomes a radiance.” - Morgan Freeman
“Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied.” - Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson
“Nobody built like you, you design yourself.” - Jay-Z
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
“Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope.” - Martin Luther King, Jr.
“We all have problems. But it’s not what happens to us, [it’s] the choices we make after.” - Elizabeth Smart
“If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it.” - Muhammad Ali
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." - Babe Ruth
"Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it." - Charles Swindoll
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Aristotle
"If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
"If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
"If the wind will not serve, take to the oars." - Latin Proverb
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
"Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
"You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Do what you can, where you are, with what you have." - Teddy Roosevelt
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want." - Ben Stein
"The only people who never fail are those who never try." - Ilka Chase
"Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right." - Marian Wright Edelman
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - John F. Kennedy
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
"Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer." - Marcia Wieder
"Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight." - Benjamin Franklin
"Every artist was first an amateur." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough." - Helen Keller
"Success is the child of audacity." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
"Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Fate is in your hands and no one elses" - Byron Pulsifer
"Well begun is half done." - Aristotle
"Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do."
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
"Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it." - Ella Williams
"Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit." - Baltasar Gracian
"What you fear is that which requires action to overcome." - Byron Pulsifer
"I believe that every person is born with talent." - Maya Angelou
"The undertaking of a new action brings new strength." - Richard Evans
"Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." - Leo Tolstoy
"Victory belongs to the most persevering." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"The harder you fall, the higher you bounce." - Unknown
"Light tomorrow with today!" - Elizabeth Browning
"Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win." - Bernadette Devlin
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"The truest wisdom is a resolute determination." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Change your thoughts, change your life!" - Unknown
"We must become the change we want to see." - Mahatma Gandhi
"There is no failure except in no longer trying." - Elbert Hubbard
"Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow." - Helen Keller
"Difficulties are things that show a person what they are." - Epictetus
"The path to success is to take massive, determined action." - Tony Robbins
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." - Babe Ruth
"If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path." - Buddha
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." - Maya Angelou
"If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place." - Lao Tzu
"I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better." - Henry David Thoreau
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done." - Bruce Lee
"Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
"If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think." - Oprah Winfrey
"A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success." - Elbert Hubbard
"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens." - Epictetus
"I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson
"Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind." - Bruce Lee
"Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick." - Bruce Lee
"He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law." - Pablo Picasso
"If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results." - Jack Dixon